#  MGB Open Access License 1.0 Best Practice Guide

Historically the findings of this academic research were published in scholarly journals that restricted access to those who are granted permission via their university affiliation, or by purchasing access to individual articles. 
This historical system for producing and distributing publicly funded research articles was expensive and did not take advantage of the innovative possibilities of many digital innovations, such as open licensing. Without a free-flowing system, access to the results of scientific research is limited to institutions that are able to commit to journal subscriptions which does not allow for broad redistribution or data mining without additional permissions from the rightsholder. This closed system limits the impact on the scientific and scholarly community and progress is slowed significantly.
Open access publishing was created as a direct response to these closed media practices. Open access literature is defined as “digital, online, free of charge, and free of most copyright and licensing restrictions.” The recommendations of the Budapest Open Access Declaration — including the use of liberal licensing (such as via Creative Commons and this MGBOA 1.0 License) — are widely recognized in the research community as the standard in making a work truly Open Access. 
The MGB Open Access 1.0 License allows creators and researchers to retain a specific set of rights in accordance with their academic and commercial preferences, while still making their work available for widespread consumption.

# Use Cases

Open access initiatives support the right to share information, including academic and scholarly research, freely and for the benefit of the public, without concern for licensing fees. Instead of hiding information behind paywalls and requiring institutional access, open access publishers make information accessible to anyone. These publishers require specialized licenses, such as Creative Commons licenses and MGBOA 1.0, in order to publish works.  

# Foundational Summary	

Traditional copyright operates on the principle of "All rights reserved." Creative Commons and other Open Access licenses are not an alternative to copyright, but rather a modification of traditional copyright. These licenses, including MGBOA 1.0 allow a creator to reserve some of their rights as creator, while waiving other rights, such as the exclusive right to share their work, as they see fit.
Although there are six active Creative Commons licenses currently in practice, where Licensees can do (nearly) anything they want with the code, MGBOA 1.0, not only adds a number of use restrictions, including a Research – Non Commercial use restriction, it expands the scope the licensed work to possibly include software, code, and data. (note: Creative Commons recommends free and open source software licenses for software, rather than its own licenses.)

# Requirements

Anyone who uses Open Access materials licensed under MGBOA 1.0 is allowed to use and distribute the Licensed Materials solely for non-commercial, non-revenue generating, research purposes (open access publishing being a core aspect of modern research).   Unlike the MGB Open Source License 1.0, if a Licensee chooses to redistribute the journal article, data, or other licensed materials with any modifications, the Licensee must deliver a copy of the modifications (rather than the identification of changes required in MGB 1.0) to the Licensor and Journal or repository as indicated.  This follows the most recent Open Journal guidance regarding the expectation that the published article in its final form (the Version of Record or “VoR”) can be relied upon, as accurate, complete, and citable.  Thus discussions, reports, and requests that a change be made to a published article happen in concert between the Licensee, Licensor, and the Journal and commonly occur regarding Name Changes, Errors or Omissions impacting Indexability, Errors or Concerns Related to Validity or Integrity, and Corrections to Supplemental Materials and Research Data.
Restrictions on Using the Licensed Code
1.	No Commercial Use:  MGBOA 1.0 is solely for non-commercial, non-revenue generating, research purposes.
2.	No Implied Rights to related software:  Nothing in the MGB OA NC 1.0  License grants any third party or software rights even if necessary to use or distribute the Work licensed under this License. Licensees are responsible for obtaining and maintaining their own licenses, at its own cost and expense, to any such third-party rights.
3.	No Implied Warranties, No Representations, and No Liability for Any Damages: The Work licensed under MGBOA 1.0 is provided by licensor and contributors “as is”.
4.	No Trademark or Name License:  MGBOA1.0 does not grant permission to use the trade names, trademarks, service marks, or product names of the Licensor (Mass General Brigham Incorporated in this case), except as required for reasonable and customary use in describing the origin of the Work and reproducing the content of the NOTICE file.
5.	Included Data; Personal Information. Although the Work licensed MGB 1.0 may include data, graphs, and / or model materials, You may have obligations to comply with laws and policies concerning personal data or patient health information, and MGB 1.0 does not excuse those legal obligations. 
