	MGB OPEN SOURCE LICENSE 1.0
  
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, MODIFICATION, AND DISTRIBUTION

1. Definitions.
"Contribution" shall mean any work of authorship, including the original version of the Work and any modifications or additions to that Work or Derivative Works thereof, that is intentionally submitted to Licensor for inclusion in the Work by the copyright owner or by an individual or Legal Entity authorized to submit on behalf of the copyright owner, in the form it exists in immediately after it is submitted. For the purposes of this definition, "submitted" means any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication sent to the Licensor or its representatives, including but not limited to communication on electronic mailing lists, source code control systems, and issue tracking systems that are managed by, or on behalf of, the Licensor for the purpose of discussing and improving the Work, but excluding communication that is conspicuously marked or otherwise designated in writing by the copyright owner as "Not a Contribution."
"Contributor" shall mean Licensor and any individual or Legal Entity on behalf of whom a Contribution has been received by Licensor and subsequently incorporated within the Work.
"Derivative Works" shall mean any work that is based on (or derived from) the Work and for which the editorial revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other modifications represent, as a whole, an original work of authorship. For the purposes of this License, Derivative Works shall not include works that remain separable from or merely link (or bind by name) to the interfaces of, the Work and Derivative Works thereof. 
“Legal Entity” shall mean the union of the acting entity and all other entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common control with that entity. For the purposes of this definition, “control” means (i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the outstanding voting shares of such entity, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity.
“License” shall mean the terms and conditions for use, reproduction, and distribution as defined by Sections 1 through 10 of this document.
“Licensor” shall mean the copyright owner or entity authorized by the copyright owner that is granting the License.
“Model Materials” shall mean the materials provided to you under this agreement that may be embodied in an artificial intelligence or machine learning model, including without limitation a collective work of authorship spanning model architecture, code in Source Form or Object Form, parameters, data descriptions, data, model weights, and all related artifacts.  
“Object Form” shall mean any form resulting from mechanical transformation or translation of a Source Form, including but not limited to compiled object code, generated documentation, and conversions to other media types.
“Source Form” shall mean the preferred form for making modifications, including but not limited to software source code, documentation source, and configuration files.
"Work" shall mean the work, including without limitation software whether in Source Form or Object Form, data, databases, graphs, Model Materials, and documentation, made available under this License, as may be indicated by the Licensor applying these License terms to such Work.
“You” (or “Your”) shall mean an individual or Legal Entity exercising permissions granted by this License.

2. Grant of Rights.

A. Under Non-Patent Rights: Subject to the terms and conditions of this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable license to deal in the Work and such Derivative Works. Such license is granted under all rights of the Contributor, other than patent rights, including without limitation copyright, trade secret, and database rights.
B. Under Patent Rights: Subject to the terms and conditions of this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, sublicensable, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable (except as stated in this section) patent license, under any patent claims owned or controlled by the Contributor, to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Work and Derivative Works, but only to the extent such patent claims claim inventions embodied in their Contribution(s) alone or by combination of their Contribution(s) with the Work to which such Contribution(s) was submitted. Such license is granted for the duration of the patents containing such claims. If You institute patent litigation against any entity (including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that the Work or a Contribution incorporated within the Work constitutes direct or contributory patent infringement, then all licenses granted to You under this License for that Work shall terminate as of the date such litigation is filed. 

3. Redistribution. You may reproduce and distribute copies of the Work or Derivative Works thereof in any medium, with or without modifications, and in Source Form or Object Form, provided that You meet the following conditions:
(A)  You must give any other recipients of the Work or Derivative Works a copy of this License; and
(B) You must cause any modified files to carry prominent notices stating that You changed the files; and
(C) You must retain, in the Source Form of any Derivative Works that You distribute, all copyright, patent, trademark, and attribution notices from the Source Form of the Work, excluding those notices that do not pertain to any part of the Derivative Works; and 
(D) If you make Your Derivative Work available to others, You must acknowledge Licensor by marking a searchable text-portion of the Work included with or integrated into Your Derivative Work with the following statement and attribution, or a permanent hyperlink to such a statement: “[LICENSOR NAME(S)]; Copyright [YEAR].” 
(E) If the Work includes a "NOTICE" text file as part of its distribution, then any Derivative Works that You distribute must include a readable copy of the attribution notices contained within such NOTICE file, excluding those notices that do not pertain to any part of the Derivative Works, in at least one of the following places: within a NOTICE text file distributed as part of the Derivative Works; within the Source form or documentation, if provided along with the Derivative Works; or, within a display generated by the Derivative Works, if and wherever such third-party notices normally appear. The contents of the NOTICE file are for informational purposes only and do not modify the License. You may add Your own attribution notices within Derivative Works that You distribute, alongside or as an addendum to the NOTICE text from the Work, provided that such additional attribution notices cannot be construed as modifying the License.

You may add Your own copyright statement to Your modifications and may provide additional or different license terms and conditions for use, reproduction, or distribution of Your modifications, or for any such Derivative Works as a whole, provided Your use, reproduction, and distribution of the Work otherwise complies with the conditions stated in this License.

4. Included Data; Personal Information. The Work may include data, graphs, and / or Model Materials, and if so, You are permitted to use and modify such data, graphs, and Model Materials according to the terms of this License, provided that You may have obligations to comply with laws and policies concerning personal data or patient health information, and this License does not excuse or limit any such obligations.

5. No Additional Rights. The licenses granted in Section 2 are the only rights granted under this License. No additional rights or licenses will be implied from the distribution or licensing of Work under this License. 

6. Submission of Contributions. Unless You explicitly state otherwise, any Contribution intentionally submitted for inclusion in the Work by You to the Licensor shall be under the terms and conditions of this License, without any additional terms or conditions. Notwithstanding the above, nothing herein shall supersede or modify the terms of any separate license agreement you may have executed with Licensor regarding such Contributions.

7. Trademarks. This License does not grant permission to use the trade names, trademarks, service marks, or product names of the Licensor, except as required for reasonable and customary use in describing the origin of the Work and reproducing the content of the NOTICE file.

8. Disclaimer of Warranty. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, Licensor provides the Work (and each Contributor provides its Contributions) on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied, including, without limitation, any warranties or conditions of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You are solely responsible for determining the appropriateness of using or redistributing the Work and assume any risks associated with Your exercise of permissions under this License.

9. Limitation of Liability. In no event and under no legal theory, whether in tort (including negligence), contract, or otherwise, unless required by applicable law (such as deliberate and grossly negligent acts) or agreed to in writing, shall any Contributor be liable to You for damages, including any direct, indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damages of any character arising as a result of this License or out of the use or inability to use the Work (including but not limited to damages for loss of goodwill, work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, or any and all other commercial damages or losses), even if such Contributor has been advised of the possibility of such damages.

10. Accepting Warranty or Additional Liability. While redistributing the Work or Derivative Works thereof, You may choose to offer, and charge a fee for, acceptance of support, warranty, indemnity, or other liability obligations and/or rights consistent with this License. However, in accepting such obligations, You may act only on Your own behalf and on Your sole responsibility, not on behalf of any other Contributor, and only if You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold each Contributor harmless for any liability incurred by, or claims asserted against, such Contributor by reason of your accepting any such warranty or additional liability.
END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS

